DOCS: Cleanup guide intro (#341)
OpenFreeEnergy/openfe: docs/guide/introduction.rst

* the :ref:`cli_plan-rbfe-network`
* the :ref:`cli_plan-rhfe-network`

> For example, you can create an RBFE network using

Reviewer: RBFE -> Relative Binding Free Energy (RBFE) first use of a the acronym in this document right?

.. code:: bash

    $ openfe plan-rbfe-network -p protein.pdb -M dir_with_sdfs/

These will save the alchemical network represented as a JSON file for each

> edge of the :class:`.AlchemicalNetwork` (i.e., each leg of the simulation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
edge of the :class:`.AlchemicalNetwork` (i.e., each leg of the alchemical cycle).
```

I think this is what you're trying to say here?
